Against the backdrop of the RENAL-HF initiative, this study aims to apply survival analysis to develop a FPM that can act as a mechanism for the implementation of clinical decision support within primary care. Additionally, the study aims to authenticate the efficacy of the FPM by evaluating its performance within a 6-month prediction window. The purpose of this model is to systematically detect patients with high-risk profiles and predict the following severe adverse heart failure outcomes: hospitalisation for AKI, AKI, and all-cause death. Healthcare professionals could potentially use this model to inform their decision-making processes by personalising monitoring strategies for each patient. Such personalisation could involve modifying the frequency of testing or medication therapy based on the predicted probability of negative outcomes.
To undertake a thorough assessment of the risk factors and their impact on the incidence of the event, the model will be developed considering the entire follow-up period for each patient. Then, a six-month time frame will be used to validate the trained model’s performance to capture the initial phase of the disease that are particularly relevant for short-term outcomes. Objectives to achieve the aim include:
1.	Extract and Process Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) data.
2.	Select predictor variables using Random Forest algorithm.
3.	Develop flexible parametric survival models.
4.	Assess the developed flexible parametric survival models’ performance and validity.
